# surveyApp

This was an application made using django for a local daycare centre. It allows admin staff to create questionnaires and upload them for staff to take anonymously. Once the survey deadline has been reached, the results of the survey are then processed and emailed top the creator in csv format. The creator is also able to view survey results in the app, but cannot see who gave the answers, keeping anonymity.

When starting this application, my biggest focus what thinking of a way to keep answers anonymous. I achieved this by assigning a random alpha-numerical token for each participant when a specific survey is sent out. Each participant is then emailed a unique url containing the survey ID token, as well as their unique token. This allows them to access the survey and place their answers. Once the survey is completed, the unique token is marked as complete, and the url will no logger take them to the survey, but will take them to a page saying it has already been complete. The answers are then stored accordingly along with the unique token used when answering, keeping all answers together, all while ensuring that anonymity is kept.

My next challenge was creating a way the admin can generate their own survey with their own questions. I achieved this by assigning each question a question type (text, True or False, Multiple Choice). If text or True or False was chosen, the survey would consist of a text field or a drop down menu respectively. If the admin chose multiple choice, they would then have the option of selecting the answers to choose from by separating answers with a comma ','. I feel this gives enough freedom to generate any type of survey the admin may want.

I have created a view to allow the admin to add participants by name and email, as well as create groups, eg office staff, kitchen staff etc. This then allows them to add specific participants to specific groups allowing for a quick and easy publish of the survey.

When publishing the survey, the admin is able to choose an expiry date. The idea was that once the expiry date has been reached, the survey would me marked as expired, making all urls emailed to groups unusable. I initially struggled with this, but then came across 'django-crontab'. This allowed me to write a simple piece of code which is run behind the scenes on the linux's server crontab. This code is given a schedule time in the settings.py file. The code runs at 00:00am everyday and checks if any running surveys have reached their expiry date, and if so, expires them.
